0. What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?
    According to Merriam-Webster's Medical Dictionary,
    pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis is a
    pneumoconiosis caused by inhalation of very fine
    silicate or quartz dust.

1. According to its man page, what does getrusage do?
    Returns resource usage measures

2. Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct rusage?
    16

3. Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value) to calculate, even though we’re not changing their contents?
    getrusage expects a pointer.
    Also, it would be inefficient to pass in such a large struct as a value.

4. Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes about reading words from a file.
In other words, convince us that you indeed understand how that function’s for loop works.
    The for loop will retrieve characters from the file pointer until it reaches the end of the file.
    Each character goes through a check to make sure the word is entirely alphabetical and under the LENGTH value.

    `If` loops within the for loop will check words to see if they are alphabetical or apostrophes.
    If they are, those characters get pushed onto a `word` string and the index is updated to reflect this.
    If the index becomes longer than the constant LENGTH value then the rest of the word is processed until depletion.
    If they are numeric, then the rest of the characters will be processed until the word is depleted.
    If either index > LENGTH or there is a numeric character, index is reset to 0 for the next word.

    After this initial check for an appropriate index length and only alphabetical characters,
    the word string is terminated with "\0" and the word count is updated.
    The resource usages before and after check() is run are measured - this allows for time checks.
    If check() returns false, the misspellings count is updated.
    Index is then reset to 0 for the next word.

5. Why do you think we used fgetc to read each word’s characters one at a time
rather than use fscanf with a format string like "%s" to read whole words at a time?
Put another way, what problems might arise by relying on fscanf alone?
    fgetc is able to precisely check and handle characters one at a time.
    fscanf may be fooled by incorrectly handling words as strings - numbers or punctuation marks may be included in those strings.
    fscanf with a format string like "%s" will only check for white-space characters.

6. Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as const (which means "constant")?
    To ensure that neither the word to be checked nor the dictionary spellings would accidentally be changed.